## How to run
Open `index.html` in the browser of your choice.
## Design Rationale
I chose to use plain JavaScript with no dependencies. This allowed me to start work and iterate rapidly. While libraries like React and Vue provide the developer with many tools to solve many problems, in this instance it would have made the solution to this problem more complex than it needed to be. This is clear from my `scripts.js` file. It is only 108 lines long (certainly room for improvement, but I wanted to stick to the timeframe for this project), and the whole project would be very easy to load over even the worst of connections. 

Turning to the user point of view, the user flow is very straightforward. There are only two inputs that are both on a 0-100 scale, which are perfect candidates for sliders. With larger ranges, text input boxes would be preferable to allow for fine-tuning, but for our use case a slider works well. Once a user requests a swatch, the API requests are batched and fired off under a `Promise.all` to parallelize network requests as much as possible. Once colors are returned from the API, they are rendered to the screen all at once. During loading times, users are updated as to what is happening with a message. Once the color data is loaded, it is filtered to remove duplicates and rendered to the screen in a responsive grid.

## Optimizations
If I had more time, there are a few improvements I would have liked to make. The worst part of the user experience in my opinion was loading times. While I could have optimized the number of calls I made to skip multiple hue values and then backtrack when a new  color is found to ensure none are missed, there is one optimization that is orders of magnitude faster. It was outside of the spirit of this exercise in my opinion (eliminates network calls and the need for most async handling) but it is likely the most efficient implementation. All of the color names for the API are hosted at https://github.com/joshbeckman/thecolorapi/blob/master/static/colorNames.json. A small script to generate a JSON file containing keys made up of saturation and lightness values pointing to a list of color names and hues in ascending order would function as a cache, and is small enough to be locally hosted. The file is 147kb. While larger than ideal, combining this with GZipping and lazy loading would allow the file to be sent with the rest of the site data with minimal impact to page load times and nearly instantaneous lookup speed while completely removing the dependency on an external API.

Other UX improvements include the use of text inputs in addition to sliders to make selecting exact inputs easier, especially for those who may have trouble with mouse movements. Another potentially valuable feature could include color blindness mode as the whole site is centered around color and should cater to as many users as possible. From a developer side, I would have used an HTTPS library like Axios as I remembered how Fetch can have some APIs that are less ergonomic than I would have liked, specifically handling responses and getting the JSON data from them.